what's up everybody it is early Sunday
morning my Sunday videos have been sort
of short recently because i've been
recording them obviously before i go to
the flea market i'm half asleep today I
actually feel kind of sick so this
should be a really interesting 40th
episode which will be up on Tuesday so
check it out but I'm I want to do a
little sort of pick up shout out video i
did a trade with a guy named jorge i'm
going to screw up his last name to
either carvajal or Carvajal something
like that I apologize I traded him for
some stuff and also i paid for you know
past the trade the one the thing I trade
it wasn't enough to cover everything but
this is these are the games I got and
like you know this is the stuff I
expected to get like I knew we were
trading for these games and he also sent
me a nice little note him and his wife
apparently watch the video game sellers
watch my channel and they sent me a nice
little note even with a packing list he
actually included a little packing list
that was awesome but the games I got
were super mario advance for Super Mario
Brothers Super Mario Brothers 3 we got
this was actually that wasn't included a
whole lot off forcing a copy of megaman
x 7 we have dark cloud Silent Hill 2
Dragon Quest 8 we have the legend of
zelda wind waker no manual this was
actually claimed already by a crazy
kenneth copy of paper mario
thousand-year door which I got a copy
well garage sailing this weekend as well
and katamari damacy so those are the
games I was expecting to get obviously
megaman x 7 I was actually I thought I
was going to get a copy from someone
else I don't know remember if it was a
part of a trade or I was going to
purchase it but i ended up i'm just
going to keep the copy he sent me
because that never
and so there's one game that I was
looking for and then I have dark cloud
but i have actually a greatest-hits copy
of dark cloud and for the longest time
i've just been looking for the regular
edition the first printing so now I'm
going to keep this one and get rid of my
greatest hits copy and then the other
games obviously will be for sale or
trade at the flea market or in the
future video or whatever now this was
that all everything else that was sent
was was a surprise um this it was just a
case he sent me that well actually was
the case and the manual like the
paperwork for a megaman starforce Leo
and then at the store I work at the only
Megaman game that we had on d s
currently was a loose cart copy of leo
so i picked that up for like I think
there's like four dollars and change and
you store credit for it so I didn't
really pay anything for in that sense um
so now i have a complete copy of star
force leo and then this other cool stuff
he sent me the first volume for the
bleach manga I got a mass effect
faceplate for the 360 and it also has
like the skins for your system we got a
bethesda speakers there i'm not got a
hawks are paying the but to put back in
the box but um there to like cardboard
speakers you fold into cubes ones for
like elder scrolls online and i think
the other one was for Dishonored so that
was really awesome i think he said that
those came from III i believe ya
bethesda speakers from e3 a packing list
came in handy man and then we got a van
Helsing like little cloth dealio has a
velcro on it and finally apparently this
came from his wife she's a big fan of
snake this is the
first Metal Gear figurine I have at
least at least unless there's one hiding
somewhere that I totally forgot about my
hung up somewhere but I don't think I
have any figurines for metal gear and
I'm a big metal gear fan i just i'm sort
of choosy when I guess when it comes to
what a game series or anime series that
I collect figurines for just because of
space obviously but this is awesome so I
really appreciate this and it makes me
want to get the other figurines in the
series now especially the Metal Gear ray
but uh thank you very much that was
really cool so that yeah that's that's
it that's everything they sent but I
mean I got technically three games well
three and a half games i guess for the
collection and a bunch of cool free
stuff that's the most like present
someone has ever sent me so i really
appreciate it guys he has a channel that
he started not too long ago it's called
Hollywood X ruckus I'll put the link to
it in the description down below there's
a few pick up videos and stuff on there
I guess that is it I want to let you
guys know that a lot of people I began a
lot of messages about some of the stuff
I got this weekend at garage sales it is
going to the flea market today first and
then I will do an official sale or trade
video at some point within like the next
week most likely so nothing is for sale
online at this time also tomorrow will
be the official unveiling of the super
rare magnificent game that I picked up
recently so that'll be tomorrow's video
will be that dedicated just to that and
that's it now I got to get ready and
pack up the stuff in the car and
hopefully now throw up and pass out from
not feeling well so wish me luck at the
flea market and it's the 40th episode
were filming today so that'll be pretty
cool hopefully some special guests and
as always thumbs up the video we've
comments do the robot and peace